OCPBUGS-27961 Procedure for configuring Whereabouts IP reconciler schedule (#71081)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-multus-ipam-object.adoc

pod/whereabouts-reconciler-rvfdv 1/1 Running 0 6s
pod/whereabouts-reconciler-svzw9 1/1 Running 0 6s
daemonset.apps/whereabouts-reconciler 6 6 6 6 6 kubernetes.io/os=linux 6s
----

[id="nw-multus-configuring-whereabouts-ip-reconciler-schedule_{context}"]
== Configuring the Whereabouts IP reconciler schedule

> The Whereabouts IPAM CNI plugin runs the IP reconciler daily in order to clean up any stranded IP allocations that may result in exhausting IPs and hence prevent new Pods from getting an IP allocated to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Whereabouts IPAM CNI plugin runs the IP reconciler daily to clean up any stranded IP allocations that may result in exhausting IPs and therefore prevent new Pods from getting an IP allocated to them.
```
Vale is suggesting 'therefore' instead of 'hence' but I can't find where that lives in the style guidance. Also, the 'exhausting IPs' makes the sentence a little confusing, maybe rephrase to be more clear?

The following procedure shows how to change the frequency at which the IP reconciler runs. 

.Prerequisites
* You installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).

> * You have access to the cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.

Reviewer 2: Sorry for the late response, I just thought about it now while re-reviewing this just to make sure.
I believe we should add here in the prerequisites the fact that the whereabouts daemonset should be deployed, with the `whereabouts-reconciler` pods up and running.
That's because that's where 'magic' happens and without it, the presence of the ConfigMap 
would do nothing.

.Procedure

. Run the following command to create a `ConfigMap` named `whereabouts-config` in the `openshift-multus` namespace with a specific cron expression for the IP reconciler:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create configmap whereabouts-config -n openshift-multus --from-literal=reconciler_cron_expression="*/15 * * * *"
----
+

> This cron expression indicates the IP reconciler runs every 15 minutes. Adjust the expression based on your specific requirements.

Reviewer 2: Also, here - regarding "Adjust the expression based on your specific requirements":
It's important to mention the **limitation** of the whereabouts reconciler that can only consume a cron expression pattern that includes 5 asterisks and not 6.
The 6th would be used for Seconds, **but it is currently not supported.**

Reviewer 2: e.g. a customer may try to set: `*/30 * * * * *`
so it will run every 30 sec, but that will cause the reconciler to err out
parsing the expression, and revert to the default once a day setting

> This cron expression indicates the IP reconciler should run every 15 minutes. Adjust the expression based on your specific requirements. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cron expression indicates the IP reconciler runs every 15 minutes. Adjust the expression based on your specific requirements. 
```
Does it run reliably every 15 minutes or not? Maybe add something about if it doesn't run on schedule if there is a chance it won't?

. Retrieve information about resources related to the `whereabouts-reconciler` within the `openshift-multus` namespace by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get all -n openshift-multus | grep whereabouts-reconciler
----
+
.Example output
+
[source,terminal]
----
pod/whereabouts-reconciler-2p7hw                   1/1     Running   0             4m14s
pod/whereabouts-reconciler-76jk7                   1/1     Running   0             4m14s
pod/whereabouts-reconciler-94zw6                   1/1     Running   0             4m14s
pod/whereabouts-reconciler-mfh68                   1/1     Running   0             4m14s
pod/whereabouts-reconciler-pgshz                   1/1     Running   0             4m14s
pod/whereabouts-reconciler-xn5xz                   1/1     Running   0             4m14s
daemonset.apps/whereabouts-reconciler          6         6         6       6            6           kubernetes.io/os=linux   4m16s
----

> . Run the following command to verify that the `whereabouts-reconciler`  runs the IP reconciler with the configured interval:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Run the following command to verify that the `whereabouts-reconciler` runs the IP reconciler with the configured interval:
```

pod/whereabouts-reconciler-rvfdv 1/1 Running 0 6s
pod/whereabouts-reconciler-svzw9 1/1 Running 0 6s
daemonset.apps/whereabouts-reconciler 6 6 6 6 6 kubernetes.io/os=linux 6s
----

[id="nw-multus-configuring-whereabouts-ip-reconciler-schedule_{context}"]

> == Configuring the Whereabouts IP reconciler schedule

Reviewer 3: This a concept module that two procedures in it, which is not good. I think these two procedures need to be refractor into separate modules and then added to the appropriate assemblies.

https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#writing-procedures

The Whereabouts IPAM CNI plugin runs the IP reconciler daily to clean up any stranded IP allocations that may result in exhausting IPs and therefore prevent new Pods from getting an IP allocated to them.

> The following procedure shows how to change the frequency at which the IP reconciler runs. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following procedure shows how to change the frequency at which the IP reconciler runs. 
```
Try to avoid self referential [language](Avoid self-referential language, such as "This topic covers…​" or "Use this procedure to…​".

).

.Prerequisites
* You installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).
* You have access to the cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.

> * You have deployed the `whereabouts-reconciler` daemon set, and the `whereabouts-reconciler` pods are up and running.

Reviewer 2: That's great, is there a place to reference the relevant docs?
https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.14/networking/multiple_networks/configuring-additional-network.html#nw-multus-creating-whereabouts-reconciler-daemon-set_configuring-additional-network

Author: We can't add a cross ref in the module and this section is just before this so I think we are OK. TBH when i followed the guidance in that section "Modify the additionalNetworks parameter in the CR to add the whereabouts-shim network attachment definition." the additionalNetworks section did not exist and I needed to create it. I will update in separate PR.
